once your images are brought into octave
to VR by either capturing or importing
you can then use the image processing
tool to make small but sometimes
necessary changes to the images the
image processing tool is found in both
object 2 VR Pro and object 2 VR studio
let's quickly check out the interface in
the toolbar you'll find the processing
tools and clicking on them will open
their parameters on the right side
you'll also find other tools like
display mode and rulers on the left side
you'll see a preview of the image and
it's column and row numbers are
indicated in the toolbar if you turn on
the rulers you can then add guides to
help position the object click on the
plus sign here and choose horizontal or
vertical you might also find it helpful
to select mirrored this will add two
guides that mirror each other and then
you can just drag to place them
when you're satisfied with their
placement you can set each line to
global which will save them as defaults
and they'll be visible in every new
project now let's work on some images
I'll start with crop I have a lot of
extra white background that isn't
necessary enable the crop tool and then
grab one of the handles and drag for a
free-form crop
to constrain your crop to the current
aspect ratio hold shift while dragging
and to constrain the crop to a square
hold the Alt key
if you need to start over you can click
here to reset the crop the image is a
little dark and has a bluish hue I can
fix this in levels first enable the tool
and using the sliders here with the help
of the histogram I can adjust the
brightness levels
and I can use this eyedropper here to
set the white balance by clicking on a
neutral tone within the image if needed
you can also manually adjust the setting
moving on to sharpening I'll enable it
and then I'll leave it at its default
values since this will give me just the
amount of sharpening I need now for
masking do you see this bluish cast back
here this doesn't look really nice and I
want to get rid of it masking is an easy
way to deal with this first enable the
tool now in the preview double click to
start drawing the mask drag to the next
point click and keep going until the
last point double click to finish the
shape and then you can drag on the
points to readjust them I'll just do the
same thing on the other side
now I'll choose the color of the mask
using the eyedropper I'll click here to
get the color and I'll add a bit of
feathering to soften the edges of the
mask I also want to make sure that this
mask is used in all the images so I'll
select a mask and choose reuse in all
columns you can double check this by
going to a different image
so far it's looking much better but
there's one more thing we need to adjust
and that's the drifting that occurs from
my object not being exactly in the
middle of the turntable enable the
transform tool and right away we see our
crop area that we set earlier turn on
offset major under D wobble an overlay
of the object at 180 degrees of the
current image is shown and you can drag
this image to match the anchor image now
do the same with the minor offset which
will add an overlay of the images at 90
and 270 degrees
and that's it but first I'm going to
open the viewing parameters to check
that all is really okay
and well it's not okay there are a few
images where the mask doesn't fit so I
need to go back and fix these first I
need to copy the masks to all images
when you copy the mask it will also make
the mask editable in each column so now
I can go to this column select the mask
and edit it without affecting the other
masks
the next step would be to output the
project or to create a new project using
your newly processed images you can do
this by going to convert images select
create project and give it a name hit OK
to convert using object to VRS built in
image processing tools can help
streamline your workflow especially if
you only need to do some simple image
editing to learn more on building object
movies we encourage you to head to our
object to view our documentation pages
and thanks for watching